changed when/where the pidfile of daemons gets created (#928)
bareos/bareos: CHANGELOG.md

- fix director crash on "update slots" when there is a parsing issue with the autochanger or tape devices [PR #919]
- [Issue #1232]: bareos logrotate errors, reintroduce su directive in logrotate [PR #918]
- fix scheduler running disabled jobs after executing the disable command [PR #924]

> - [Issue #847]: fix PID files that could be exploited if not created as root on certain systems [PR #928]

Reviewer: We need to mention the exact vulnerability number that was fixed here.

    - Director resource
      - `Omit Defaults`
      - `Sub Sys Directory`

>       - `Pid Directory`

Reviewer 2: still not right, the Pid Directory is only deprecated and was not (yet) removed.

      - `Sub Sys Directory`

### Security

> - PID files are now created before parent daemon process exits. [PR #928]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- PID files are now created before dropping privileges and before the parent process exits. [PR #928]
```
